hey I'm Nick Eubanks and thanks for
watching a hundred days of SEO what's up
everybody so silly
Brendan over here I'm so excited today
as friends Friday and I'm pumped because
we get to talk to oh well I'm gonna
share with you an interview of one of my
favorite people when it comes to
business and SEO let's get it alright
alright so today we're I don't know I'm
sitting on the floor today we're talking
to Nick Eubanks Nick is one of the most
generous people I've ever met in my life
I don't know anybody who is less busy
and has a fuller schedule Nick was
probably not always this way but Nick is
a master of managing time Nick has this
really cool thing called seven-figure
agency where he's teaching people how to
do exactly what he's done at from the
future on top of all of his other
projects because this amazing agency I
was introduced to him by following Ryan
Stewart when Nate bought Webre Science
Stewart's agency and they kind of joined
forces and I've since come to know Nick
a little bit better I met him briefly
when we were in Philadelphia for traffic
think tank he's one of the founders of
traffic think tank as well and I've just
been so impressed continually from him
and also somebody who's seen the
seven-figure agency content I get to see
it as a part of traffic think tank
easily some of the best money that I
spend for online communities it's
literally life insurance for my SEO
business if I ever have a question or
need anything I just hop in there and I
can get help from some of these smartest
people or on the ground floor they're
not sponsoring this it'll pay me
anything I in fact paid them so if I pay
them at least 100 bucks a month you I'm
sharing this you know it's worth it I'm
so excited to share with you this
interview with Nick you're gonna get so
much out of it so without further ado
here's Nick hey Nick thanks for joining
me for a hundred days of SEO my pleasure
Brendan happy to be here you work out a
lot of different projects especially at
the agency level you've also had
probably counting them countless number
of your own projects at different times
like we are want to do in the SEO
industry how do you decide when you
either get a new
client or get a new project or start
something you know start something of
your own how do you decide what to
prioritize because there's just like a
million options and the overwhelm can be
very real so I I've got two two
processes that I actually used and one I
one one gets redone probably quarterly
like at a higher level and then the
other one I redo really once a year
these are there's a big focus so this
new like side project fun project thing
I'm working on called seven-figure
agencies a big focus of like the whole
first month that program is on how to do
these processes the first is keeping
track of like how you spend your time
for a week so like doing what like what
you're doing like it's time tracking is
helpful but it's not necessary time
tracking it's like just keeping a log of
like the activities and what's different
there is like don't write down the tasks
like there's this concept of an anti
to-do list which is like every time you
have a task write down the test you've
achieved don't write it to do ahead of
time like you still need a map to do it
but like it's it's keeping a lot it's to
create a sense of fulfillment for people
who get really distracted or who feel
like they're not they don't have a sense
of accomplishment fulfillment from what
they're doing every day it's not the
anti to-do list it's because it's it's
not supposed to be task based it should
be activity based so once you have that
list of all these activities you're
going to put those into what what I
would call us a delegation scorecard and
this part takes a little bit more
abstract thought but the delegation
scorecard has got four columns those
columns are $5 $50 $500 or $5,000 and
the idea is you are need to think about
the activities you're doing in a sense
it's like from a perspective of what
would it cost gonna pay somebody else to
do this that I'm doing and they'll
they'll shake out and especially for
people early in their career or you know
founders managers in a lot of respects
you'll find that they are focused on a
lot more of those finite tasks and that
their left columns at five dollars and
fifty dollars are going to be a lot
longer whereas like the $500 an hour
alta dollar-an-hour is stuff that it's
it's going to be much harder for
somebody to somebody who's not you to do
on their own like i need strategic
partnerships working on your personal
brand growing your like putting time
into growing your company or your brands
Brothe engine those are the sort of
things where if you had to pay somebody
else to do them at the level that you
would be able to effect we do them it
would be very expensive once you have
that delegation scorecard figure it out
you're like filled out you're gonna draw
a lot since we draw a line down the
middle and then the next thing you're
gonna do is you're gonna focus on
finding other people to do the things on
the left side of that of those two
columns pas outsource to help are
usually the where you're gonna find the
you know go to as a resource for the $5
an hour column and the $50 an hour
column it is is you can start with
contractors especially for like first
time founders once you've got some
revenue subtraction people usually you
know entrepreneurs are spending way too
much time doing things like invoicing
bookkeeping data collection writing
proposals ssw's that's all this
that's valuable and it's necessary but
it's not the best use of their time it's
just sort of they're just treading water
it's like this weird entrepreneurs
paradox they sort of get themselves
caught in so like what I like to tell
people to do is to take some of that
revenue and set aside you know a twenty
hour per week contract at fifty dollars
an hour so you know a thousand bucks a
week and hire a part-time operations
person you know and and I did the whole
goal is that this person will hopefully
be able to grow into a more full-time
operations role but getting somebody for
a flat rate essentially she's gonna run
you know that that $50 an hour column
which really is the operations come more
than anything else um once you did this
frees you up to just focus on the stuff
on the right side and once you can do
that you can create what Franklin Covey
or Stephen Covey with the more famous
name in the Franklin Covey brand calls
your three big rocks so people tried to
create three big rocks I know people
that do it at the weekly and monthly
level I like to do it quarterly by my
three I'd setting my three rocks out
quarterly
and then I block out time within my
calendar every week to work you know for
at least one to two hours on advance in
each one of those three big rocks and
that's worked really well so far those
three big rocks are not company specific
mean for a single founder their
company's specific for me it's it's like
the umbrella so like a perfect example
was like right now there'll be two hours
thinking like very strategically about
what do I need to do to help support
where the agency is at and like where
what the next milestone is for us to get
to at the agency
but then the other time is spent like
what do I need to be doing for to
support like me and my wife's business
which right now is negotiating the new
build-out of Elysee and and all that
commercial hoopla that goes into that
stuff those big rocks can also be
personal can be things like buying a
house or you know making sure your
support you know like the big rock could
be going to your kids soccer game it's
it's really defining like what are the
most important things right now in your
life and blocking out like and
dedicating time to making sure that that
there you're intentionally paying if
you're intentionally focused on those
items so that was a long-winded answer
to your question no no no it's it's
perfect because a lot of like the
expected answer is well I would it's
it's very like tactical right it's very
well not that that wasn't tactical but
it's very like super hyper focus on like
SEO or like oh I would look at links or
something like it's very narrow and that
gives us like I appreciate that because
I think that speaks more to people who
are like maybe not starting their first
project obviously and obviously like
it's something you have to learn to
prioritize because when you start you're
really just like an operator right like
you're just you're doing all of the
things like I'm writing all the content
I'm doing all of the links I'm doing all
this stuff and then I remember there was
this really weird place where I was like
I'm drowning like I literally feel like
I'm dying in my business and people are
like well hire a VA and I'm like I don't
know what that means like I know that I
know how to hire one I'm not a total
fool like I have some base level
knowledge but like how do I tell them
what to do and how do I like all of
these different things and I think
that's a really good framework of like
really how to prioritize and ultimately
like
we all want is fulfillment out of this
and I'm not trying to get have like an
existential crisis or anything right now
but like we want to be fulfilled and we
want to feel like we've done good work
and like you were talking about like
jotting down what you've done I'm sure
you felt this way I know I feel this way
a lot you do a lot you do a lot of
important things and at the end of the
day you're sick I didn't get anything
done I'm the worst like I'm still behind
or instead and you're able to like look
back and be like alright I did I did do
something um I want to like travel back
in time real quick to Nick
starting SEO like what were there any
mistakes you made
when you were a beginner I mean how much
time you have yeah so I got my start
really my start in digital was an email
and engineering the first really spam
campaign that but I can say that now
because it was in the early months 2004
but like really engineering the first
email marketing campaign for Morgan
Stanley for within their there Private
Wealth Management Group and I'm going to
the nitty-gritty but my job was
essentially managing a team of minions
including myself where we were calling
hundreds of different extensions at
specific companies this would happen to
be Merck at the time listening to
people's names on their voicemails to
try to figure out how what their what
the email pattern was once we cracked
the email pattern we had like charlie
different spellings for their name and
we could use a bounce box verifier this
was in 2000 yeah 2003 2004 - like Bill
like to get email addresses back at a
time when there was no other way to get
email addresses and then write an email
or design an email that was able to
sneak through compliance and all the red
flags were to go through to have the
mortgage static like SEC compliance
Department sign off on the fact we were
allowed to send this unsolicited email
so I like to think in a way that I had
something to do with the can-spam mass
getting past some news that like that
like that's where my baseline up like
HTML and thinking about like the
transactional side of digital came from
I think that's just an important detail
because I
these days they're like well I'm not
technical like I'm creative I think of
content I do link strategy that's like
that's cool but if you don't understand
like how a website works like if you
don't understand like if you can't read
or write HTML which is be way more basic
than even the American alphabet like if
you can read and write basic HTML and
you don't understand like what DNS is
and like how a server works I'm like you
know we can help the internet works I
don't understand how you can possibly
try to optimize websites to rank in the
most sophisticated scoring system in the
world
like it's just that's law so me a little
bit mechanic that doesn't actually
understand how the engine works yeah gas
in it that bedrock of knowledge I think
is really important I think we try to we
sort of I don't really stress it as much
as I feel like maybe sometimes we force
it down people's throat it's like well
like we just when we it's usually asking
hard questions and it's like here's a
high question okay cool let's let's take
a ten-minute sidebar and talk about
making sure that you understand what the
hell is you're talking about really good
enough topic that's my bad because my
next what my next question is like water
big water mistakes you see beginners
making today and I think that's this
will lead into that and I see so my like
my first real start in search was
working with a working at a company it
was an accounting software startup just
out of college I got a job as a
marketing manager because of the
experience I had at Morgan Stanley as an
intern while I was in college and I got
immediately put in charge like oh you're
gonna design our new website we're using
this dotnet CMS called cmscribe you
through enough to build all these page
templates am I not a right that net and
they like they were stuck on what these
keywords worse like it was really
important for them to time to rank
number one for G your RC software and
it's like cool I don't think anybody's
searching for that like it like you know
based on who our competitors were the
silent like competitive analysis was
always easy to understand when to
business oh the business school so like
all competitive analysis for SEO was
just applying the principles of a SWOT
analysis to websites right so like that
gap was easy to make mentally but like
so I put all this time energy into
trying to rank and we got ranked number
one for
see software did not it meant it meant
nothing nobody nobody searched like it
was it was my introduction to like a
vanity term and ultimately when the
website failed to increase in traffic
and generate leads
like when my role like as the internal
sales team at that company grew and it's
like two separate like I wasn't needed
as much over there and like my focus got
sort of pigeon-holed in July you need to
make the website but be a salesperson on
its own wasn't able to do that because I
didn't have I didn't know what data I
needed to make the right argument like I
now have a deck that is up on on the FDF
YouTube channel about like doing keyword
research for conversions and I use an
example from years ago because I like it
so much and it's about like pooper
scooper services versus pet waste
removal and like it talks about the
intent between them and like finding the
nomenclature that matches the intent of
what the hell you're actually selling
but I didn't know that at the time so
like that was a big mistake it was like
people being like oh I wonder like I
remember back in my when I had my first
agency in 2007-2008 like I was like we
need to rank number one for SEO
companies Philadelphia so I focused on
that and had to outrank see her at the
time to do it I did it and Tom need calm
my agency back then ranked number one
for SEO company split off your for I
don't know a year and a half or
something and we would get leads but
they were the worst human beings to the
planet they were they're really
unsophisticated like anything and and it
was again like learning this lesson of
intent where it was like you know
somebody who's searching that like
what's their frame of mind what's their
level of education is it like they don't
know what they're looking for so like
these are the people that think SEO is a
hundred dollars a month and you know
they want to rank they they come to you
and tell you what they want wreck I want
to rank for plumber like you know
Adelphia plumber yeah the best best
inner drain plumbing excavator for
construction sites of thought up it's
like that's that's really qualified
probably I don't know gonna be searching
for that and so that's what I would
search for so that's that's obviously
what I need to rank for and letting the
clients sort of dictate that part of the
process really on this light
big struggle that's probably like the
biggest string of mistakes I think I
made her almost like not standing sort
of up for myself and like leaning on
like a platform based on data that was
like but but like here's cheers where
the money is like this is where you need
to be and if you don't want to do this
like we can't work together so I think
but one of my biggest mistakes I think
one of the things a lot of early I feel
like there's two big buckets so just go
right into your next question if that's
cool
our want is taking any any client taking
the penny pinching clients taking the
clients that pay late taking the clients
that that think that they they know more
than you do taking clients that know
more than you do in your probably in and
of itself Matt that's my second big
bucket which is I think a lot of people
read a bunch of blog posts and they're
like I understand this so I can do it so
like then they'll immediately start
selling services without ever actually
like ranking a goddamn thing and it's
just because they like they like you can
read up they can go be 10-block like
over a weekend you can read enough you
can read enough about SEO to probably go
blind yourself a basic 500 are month
contracts almost anybody can do that and
if you're willing to race to the bottom
of price you can probably even get sales
it doesn't mean you're gonna provide any
type of value like doesn't mean the
service is actually gonna do anything
and you know the countless that they
probably thousands of SEO companies are
out that are out there that give this
whole industry to snake oil vibe are
people that are selling that
doesn't actually work because they don't
actually do it for themselves like they
don't there's no connection like there's
like that practitioner link doesn't
exist which i think is is just that is
the the thing that SEO is continue to
get around early early that guess she
was early on continue to get wrong for
veteran se owes the old heads in this
industry are like starting to get old
right I'm not gonna mention their names
just have a bunch of them but like these
guys are in their like 50s and 60s now
these guys these are the fossils of the
SEO industry and a lot of them I feel
like that the ones that aren't retired
so a lot of them did extremely well are
happily retired but the ones that are
not retired you know people who are 10
years plus and you know doing doing SEO
we're still working at it I feel like
they're probably
still working because they're holding on
to like what used to work in the past
and they're not realizing just how much
evolution like just like this is an
industry that changes week by week day
by day and and do Google can pull the
rug out from us and all of us at any
point in time for any reason and they do
quite frequently so like the need to
like understand that it's an art form as
much as just like as it is science and
like bring some of that like creativity
to like it's not just critical thinking
and problem-solving it's like like it's
it's painting a Monet you're just doing
it with with swaths of do tags and key
tags and and a tags like but I think not
understanding that like you've got
people who work for a certain very large
CMS a very large wordpress plugin
company that have an opinion that you
know that's the only CMS that you can
achieve success on it why would anybody
ever run any site other than any site
other than WordPress and you know the
on WordPress sites like I'm not
talking on a the CMS that's
responsible for 30% of the the
Internet's websites mean Matt Mullenweg
is brilliant but that guy's kind of a a
word I won't use right now yeah like
their character their these these these
mindsets that sort of exists within the
like the upper class that like I'm
better than you I know more than you as
an SEO and they're so deep in the weeds
and yet like you know my response to a
lot of these people but even like
something like the the niche experts
like the penalty recovery experts is
like what is it like this is cool you
really understand this or you understand
these patents which is awesome like it's
important when's the lesson you ranked
it's like like 20 weight tip I pointed a
commercial ranking and you have worked
on like in the past five years like that
gap in for the practitioner landscape I
think is my biggest pet peeve I think
it's the biggest thing that that the
industry needs is like for people who
are practitioners to like stand up and
really point to the work that they're
doing and not just write blog post and
and and give presentations and you know
spend all their time on stage nothing
oil to be
just a small caveat there is Aleida is a
prolific speaker and also one of the
most brilliant practitioners I know so
that's just an important little asterisk
yeah of course
I think I remember I was tweeting with
Eric Covino who I met through traffic
think-tank and he just said like if you
really want to shake up the SEO speaker
circuit only allow people that have
ranked for something competitive yeah in
the last like six months or the last
year I mentioned traffic think-tank I
want to talk about that super briefly
what made you want to start a community
I know it's been through a couple
iterations yeah like tell me about that
and then I want to talk about
seven-figure agency really quickly so
yeah like traffic banking so we have a
lot of projects why good
tttt was a was a was an experiment I I
had the idea over Thanksgiving in 2016
and the idea behind it was like I want
to create a peer group of practitioners
I was like and it was like I want to
test out this idea where I would like to
share the stuff that we're doing in a
small private space and like discuss
this with other people like me you've
seen probably like a lot like they're
like the the early early webinars are
very obvious now it was like youth like
they're pathetic logo that I made so
like those were like that was the first
blush and there's only 32 members and it
was built in kajabi and it was just it
was just like this one-on-one like most
of the discussion happened about private
Facebook group and all the content was
was distributed and consumed through
kajabi and it was just these webinars
that I wanted to I wanted to show
everything that I was doing I wanted to
show like like check out this cool
that's working but I can't blog about
because then it won't work anymore like
I want to just talk about this with
other people I want other people in
other industries to go try these and
like report back to me it was sort of
selfish in a way like it was like it
wasn't even about the money I mean the
money was nice it was five dollars a
month from 32 people so like it was a
nice little extra revenue stream but it
was like more about Haley don't take
these other of these ideas that are that
are working on like the sites that we're
working on and I'm working on and are
effective and I go try these on your
sites and like let's discuss like what
are you seeing what's working like what
works in different verticals and it was
all this in
and the idea of this of this network
effect sort of came out of it and was
like I should I should relaunch this
like you know in a better distribution
platform like slack I stumbled onto
slack pass at the time which is now
launch basketball and I mean Ian had
been playing around with the idea of
doing some side projects years and I'd
be I'd become like pretty good friends
with Matt over just email and it was
like one of the things she was like if
I'm gonna do this like I need I need I
think I need every ask right so like
Ian's got a tremendous amount of
experience working both in a big agency
working inside a public company and
building and ranking shit-ton of
affiliate sites caius I have a hundred
sites now and then there's Matt who
understands navigating all of the all of
the crap like within a public company
but who also buys and operates
businesses himself both dropship and
affiliate you know with his wife as well
as Hesterman sort of like personal
blogging experience and I just felt like
they were really complementary to like
being in the you know the in the of
running an agency which is its own
special kind of hell in some ways until
you think Pete do you get to fly without
then you get the right talent on board
that's that's a whole other discussion
it becomes quite enjoyable once you have
the right team yeah but you needed some
doers you needed some like other
high-level doers yeah and the goal there
was also it was like let's build this
private thing where people are willing
to have these discussions with like like
share real data share what's working
share their websites that doesn't happen
in in public Twitter or Pub public SEO I
like the publicity like people are like
hey here's the domain to my website
here's this website I'm working on like
these are the things I want to do should
i do them like it's the best way I've
heard it referred to recently that I
really liked and this was like this is
like the idea of uh it reminds me a
friend of mine who's a who's a
songwriter and the way he thinks about
writing songs just he's like I write
this long and I put it out there once
it's out there it's not my anymore I
have no control over the perception or
what it means to anybody like and and I
like that idea and and so the way the
community was characterized to me was
like them an SEO insurance policy
they're like you know for a hundred 19
bucks a month I get insurance like and
what that meant was like hey I want to
go do this thing on my site or for a
client or I have this campaign idea or
our client wants to do this like what do
you guys think about this because none
of us has all the answers but I mean as
you've seen in like all the discussions
you can be participated in like it you
know it gets to a place where you can
feel pretty good about making decisions
yeah the feedback is very real it's nice
that when somebody asks a question first
of all it's nice being a select group
with people that know how to use slack
and know how to thread their comments
that's it's a genuinely a woman
describing the ins nightmare I love it
man I would suck at clicks to do
sometimes it can just become like a
running chat no Mike no no thread this
like just reply anyways it's cool
because you see a question and then it's
like 12 replies 9 replies 14 replies
somebody just asked literally the other
day you know I'm splitting my agency me
and my partner are splitting how do we
put value on these clients and gave all
the details of like these are what the
clients are paying us in SEO and PPC and
how do we
what's the valuation here and it was
just like oh wow you don't you don't
post that in a Facebook group like yeah
it's very real and then there was like
genuine answers of like here's how I
would do it here's why your partner's an
idiot you're being an idiot
because of this oh you're missing that
it was really cool um so yeah obviously
I'm a big fan of traffic think tank
I thought the event that just happened
was wonderful and tell me so then I mean
it's amazing that that thing was not
just a giant dumpster fire still just
shots we've no idea what we're doing
running no qualifications no I really
like Matt Lee I remember jokes like
after it was over we all went out on
track a significant amount of wine
together and I remember Matt saying like
remember that time we thought was a good
idea like it's just so yeah I'm in all
the fact that that came together the way
it did yeah and it was cool to be in a
room
not like your tip well I don't know it's
the only SEO event I've ever been to uh
and it was cool to be in a room of doers
who when I followed them on Twitter
later they had hundred followers 200
followers 75 followers yeah they're
people working in-house or working by
themselves or at an agency they are not
published at writing about SEO or even
really tweeting about SEO but they're
doing some like crazy work and they're
working out like when I was sorry I'm
like oh what are you doing you know one
guy was like oh I worked for red
ventures and I work on this vertical and
I'm like you do the SEO for those
websites yeah and I was just like who
are you who I mean there's an behind all
of these web sites that rank well there
is that there is a person or a team
doing that and it was cool to have so
many of them in the same room who are
willing to like especially because it's
face to face and we're real people like
all of a sudden you want to talk and
share that was cool I also appreciated
that it was small and like I actually
got to talk to everybody there was no
like nobody cool guide me I mean it was
nice you know nobody was too cool to
talk I managed to make Kirstie talked to
me about like or kursi talked me for 45
minutes I had a bunch of questions for
her as well it was really cool tell me
about really quickly kind of wrapping
things up tell me about seven figure
agency it was sort of an idea that I had
coming back on a flight from Christmas I
had I had this like a so I listened to
listen to clockwork on the flight and
anybody's talked to me in the past like
three months now it's probably really
sick of hearing me say that I'm it's
actually the second time I've heard it I
heard it in traffic think tank recently
but talk so like for years we've been
like try me and like my partner's here
and the operations team had like been
trying to dial in like our central North
Star and that look listening to that
book like I had this epiphany I'm like
oh like that's that's the metric
that's the one single metric that we can
get the entire team behind that we can
use to like at a glance gauge the status
of of the business at a hole like from a
holistic level like we can drill down
into it into every psyche it goes down
into like the departments it goes down
into the into the individual people it
represents the clients revenue
satisfaction if this everything metric
was like this magic was like it was like
a like the alchemists still like stone
was and and like through that like I
started chatting all these notes down I
started like realizing all of these
business aspects and and realize that
like the agency channel in traffic
think-tank is one of the most active
channels in the whole in the whole thing
and about 40 percent I think of our
total membership is people who either
head of a department an agency or they
own agency himselves
and realizing like a lot of the
discussion points that we were getting
were around the business aspects like
lots of business questions and realizing
that you know the average agent small
agency owner somebody doing anywhere
from 10 20 grand a month in 50 grand a
month they they have skills they they've
hustled enough to like get some clients
and like and and and start this process
of building a company but they don't a
lot of them don't have access to like
all these specific processes that come
from building and selling multiple
companies up a whole bunch of
companies like just all these things
that come from you know being an
entrepreneur for 12 years and you know
some of them like come from mentorship
like I'm part of a CEO group here in
Philly and I'm part of a separate like
coaching like lifestyle coaching group
and like it's building these systems of
accountability and like that's step one
but then there's like all these specific
business processes that you need to put
in place that if you're going to free
yourself from the dumpster fire of
running an agency and get to a point
where the agency becomes like this
rewarding asset and like you the team
becomes this value system and like you
support like it becomes this reciprocity
of like we're like building better lives
for each other and also in the ideal
world the agency becomes an avenue for
you to build and work on the ideas that
you and your team have yourselves so
like so you're not always just in the
rat race of client work but like the
system to do that wasn't out there and
so I just started writing down like all
these pieces and realize like this
I think this is something it's something
that I am super passionate about like
the business side at the end of the day
like I I think I'm way more into
business than I am into SEO and I just
love building and growing businesses
like my current obsession is building
revenue streams to a million dollars a
year sustainably and putting them on the
Shelf and then doing it again doing any
kind of doing again and like this is the
system that's letting me do that and I
just realized like this would be a real
another really cool way to like create a
very small like it's like there's gonna
be a community aspect the community will
be a hundred eleven people so there'll
be two levels of membership one would be
for one hundred people with a card tap
and one for ten people I knew myself so
111 people will be in this community
doing access to all the other stuff but
you don't like that lower tier lower
price access level will just be all the
information and like the webinars after
they're published you won't like it
won't be the community community is
extremely intentionally very small
because I want to crack open the idea of
has worked so well with in traffic
think-tank but just focus it on like the
nuances that exist between building
running growing an agency that's awesome
that sounds super cool I know I get the
emails for it because I as soon I think
I don't know if you tweeted it or
whatever but as soon as you started
talking about it I checked it out it
looks cool and I'm in a similar space
where so I work on the SEO Directorate
click studios we're primarily a web
design and development agency our
primary pipeline for SEO clients it
started just kind of as uh hey we made
them a website now they need SEO
services so we had our like Director of
Digital it was like a one-person team
and then they kind of grew that there
was some outsourcing and stuff and then
they're like we actually need somebody
who knows their stuff at which point I
raised my hand and I was like hello I
would like to work there and stop being
a teacher building projects on the side
it's amazing that's like the biggest
change in my life like just having
alignment we're like all I do every day
like I go to work I do SEO I come home I
do SEO and all of these things just it's
it's weird what happens in your brain
when you don't have to live two separate
lives but yeah I'm in that situation now
where we're like we have these just
trying to figure out like the business
side of SEO
how do we bring in more clients and and
that's a big part of what hundred days
of SEO is like it's good for me to put
out a hundred videos and a hundred
podcast episodes and a hundred blog
posts and do it like this isn't gonna be
an insane five months and I'll probably
hate myself at certain points but like
it's all a part of like creating media
and looking to build that like client
pipeline and stuff so I appreciate that
that's really cool I'm looking forward
to checking out seven-figure agency as
well
awesome Nick I appreciate your time that
was extremely detailed so thanks man
thanks for coming on my pleasure all
right yeah that was Nick Eubanks I just
want to say thanks again to flywheel
shoutout to flywheel for sponsoring this
episode of 100 days of SEO if you need a
fast reliable secure WordPress website
flywheel and their managed wordpress
hosting is definitely the way to go if
you're looking for show notes for your
podcasts or for your videos check out
pod reacher calm so look I I hope I'm
I'm in it I'm in the full frame here
because I'm so intense about this
interview I think this is one of the
best ones here's what I want you to do
what is one takeaway that you got from
watching this interview leave a comment
below let me know if you're listening on
the podcast tweet me at Brennan huffard
tweet Nick on on Twitter tweet him on
Twitter what is it what am I saying here
let us both know what you got out of
this episode be on the lookout every
single Friday of 100 days of SEO I we
have I think like 15 more of these
friends Friday episodes to go so so much
gold coming along for you make sure you
subscribe to the podcast to this YouTube
channel and get every single one of
those delivered to you have been Brandon
Humber don't forget to work hard be nice
people and don't get too lost ready to
create something that matter
[Music]
that was stupid oh it's so dumb